docs(migrate): add resolution steps for cyclic references in ESLint migration (#4261)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/guides/migrate-eslint-prettier.mdx

Since ESLint takes VCS ignore files into account,
we recommend that you enable Biome's [VCS integration](/guides/integrate-in-vcs).

> ::::caution

Reviewer: I don't think the caution is needed anymore.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion! I've updated the wording to match this and removed the caution block as requested.

Some plugins or shared configurations may export an object with a cyclic reference.
Biome may fail to load such a configuration.

**Workaround:** If the migration fails with a cyclic reference error, temporarily comment out
the plugins or shared configurations that are causing the issue, run the migration, and then

> re-enable them one by one to identify the problematic configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that happens, temporarily comment out the plugins or shared configurations may cause the issue, run the migration, and then enable them again one by one to identify the problematic configuration.
```

Author: Done! I've updated the wording to match your suggestion.

For example, if your `eslint.config.js` looks like this:

```js title="eslint.config.js"
import { defineConfig } from 'eslint';
import jsxA11y from 'eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y';
import react from '@eslint-react/eslint-plugin';
import stylistic from '@stylistic/eslint-plugin';
import tsEslint from 'typescript-eslint';

export default defineConfig([
  react.configs.recommended,   // may cause cyclic reference
  jsxA11y.flatConfigs.recommended, // may cause cyclic reference
  {
    plugins: {
      '@stylistic': stylistic,           // may cause cyclic reference
      '@typescript-eslint': tsEslint.plugin, // may cause cyclic reference
    },
  }
]);

> ```

Reviewer: Please use the marker capabilities of expressive code to highlight the code that gets commented out https://expressive-code.com/key-features/text-markers/#selecting-line-marker-types-mark-ins-del

One code block should be enough

Author: Great idea! I've condensed it into a single code block using the del and ins markers from Expressive Code to highlight the lines being commented out.
